README.md, before:

## Hi there 👋
[![Visits Badge](https://badges.pufler.dev/visits/mugunthanramesh/mugunthanramesh)](https://github.com/mugunthanramesh)
[![Repos Badge](https://badges.pufler.dev/repos/mugunthanramesh)](https://github.com/mugunthanramesh)
[![GitHub followers](https://img.shields.io/github/followers/mugunthanramesh.svg?style=social&label=Follow)](https://github.com/mugunthanramesh?tab=followers)

I am **Mugunthan R!**

[![Generic badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/Present-ZohoCorporation-green.svg)](http://zohocorp.com/)

[![Generic badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/Past-Amazon-red.svg)](https://www.amazon.com/)

Ambitious Engineer with good skills in Data Structure and Algorithm. Highly effective working in fast-paced environments. Also has a piece of good knowledge of Deep Learning and automation processes. Interested in Deep Learning and Computer Vision 

## 🌱 I’m currently learning 
- DeepLearning
- Computer Vision
- Autonomous Vehicles

## 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on
- AI/ML Projects

## 💻 Programming Knowledge

- Python3
- Java
- C++
- MATLAB

## 🥇 My professional Badges

### Google Cloud:

[![BaseLine-Data_ML_AI](badges/BaseLine-Data_ML_AI.png)](https://google.qwiklabs.com/public_profiles/12e1956b-2ada-4db0-9b9f-5b0100c5d7d6)
[![Create_and_Manage_Cloud_Resources](badges/Create_and_Manage_Cloud_Resources.png)](https://google.qwiklabs.com/public_profiles/12e1956b-2ada-4db0-9b9f-5b0100c5d7d6)
[![Perform_Foundational_Data_ML_AI_Tasks.png](badges/Perform_Foundational_Data_ML_AI_Tasks.png)](https://google.qwiklabs.com/public_profiles/12e1956b-2ada-4db0-9b9f-5b0100c5d7d6)

### IBM:

[![Data_Science_Methodologies](badges/Data_Science_Methodologies.png)](https://www.youracclaim.com/badges/eff8c417-1e51-4157-a4f6-68570f31eaeb/public_url)
[![Deep_Learning_Essentials](badges/Deep_Learning_Essentials.png)](https://www.youracclaim.com/badges/57168c02-1e0e-4ef9-a752-b6927dcc6a42/public_url)
[![Deep_Learning_Using_TensorFlow](badges/Deep_Learning_Using_TensorFlow.png)](https://www.youracclaim.com/badges/0bd45954-474a-43de-8410-d95bfb323251/public_url)
[![Machine_Learning_with_Python](badges/Machine_Learning_with_Python.png)](https://www.youracclaim.com/badges/f8e54a94-cc43-445f-a45b-f1cb96095ddb/public_url)

## My projects

- **Ultrasonic and Camera-Based Parking Assistant System**

Maps the surroundings of the vehicle and displays it in the dashboard using the camera and distance obtained from the ultrasonic sensor. camera detects the obstacle using a deep     learning network(YOLO is used) and the ultrasonic sensor is used for Distance manipulation.

  [![ADAS Card](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/pin/?username=mugunthanramesh&repo=ADAS)](https://github.com/mugunthanramesh/ADAS)
 
- **SpeechSearch**

Speech Recognition based project using Python that enables us to explore videos and information and this also has the feature of capturing moments.

[![SS Card](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/pin/?username=mugunthanramesh&repo=SpeechSearch)](https://github.com/mugunthanramesh/SpeechSearch)

## My GitHub Stats

[![Anurag's github stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=mugunthanramesh&show_icons=true&hide_title=true)](https://github.com/mugunthanramesh)

[![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=mugunthanramesh&layout=compact)](https://github.com/mugunthanramesh)

*Constantly working on improving these counts*

## 📫 Reach me out @

[![Gmail](icons8-gmail(1).svg)](mailto:mugunthanramesh6@gmail.com)
[![Linkedin](icons8-linkedin.svg)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/mugunthan-ramesh/)

<!--
**mugunthanramesh/mugunthanramesh** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->

Commit message:

Updated Readme with blogs and writings

README.md, after:

## Hi there 👋
[![Visits Badge](https://badges.pufler.dev/visits/mugunthanramesh/mugunthanramesh)](https://github.com/mugunthanramesh)
[![Repos Badge](https://badges.pufler.dev/repos/mugunthanramesh)](https://github.com/mugunthanramesh)
[![GitHub followers](https://img.shields.io/github/followers/mugunthanramesh.svg?style=social&label=Follow)](https://github.com/mugunthanramesh?tab=followers)

I am **Mugunthan R!**

[![Generic badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/Present-ZohoCorporation-green.svg)](http://zohocorp.com/)
[![Generic badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/Past-Amazon-red.svg)](https://www.amazon.com/)

Ambitious Engineer with good skills in Data Structure and Algorithm. Highly effective working in fast-paced environments. Also has a piece of good knowledge of Deep Learning and automation processes. Interested in Deep Learning and Computer Vision 

## 🌱 I’m currently learning 
- DeepLearning
- Computer Vision
- Autonomous Vehicles

## 💻 Programming Knowledge

- Python3
- Java
- C++
- MATLAB

## 🥇 My professional Badges

### Google Cloud:

[![BaseLine-Data_ML_AI](badges/BaseLine-Data_ML_AI.png)](https://google.qwiklabs.com/public_profiles/12e1956b-2ada-4db0-9b9f-5b0100c5d7d6)
[![Create_and_Manage_Cloud_Resources](badges/Create_and_Manage_Cloud_Resources.png)](https://google.qwiklabs.com/public_profiles/12e1956b-2ada-4db0-9b9f-5b0100c5d7d6)
[![Perform_Foundational_Data_ML_AI_Tasks.png](badges/Perform_Foundational_Data_ML_AI_Tasks.png)](https://google.qwiklabs.com/public_profiles/12e1956b-2ada-4db0-9b9f-5b0100c5d7d6)

### IBM:

[![Data_Science_Methodologies](badges/Data_Science_Methodologies.png)](https://www.youracclaim.com/badges/eff8c417-1e51-4157-a4f6-68570f31eaeb/public_url)
[![Deep_Learning_Essentials](badges/Deep_Learning_Essentials.png)](https://www.youracclaim.com/badges/57168c02-1e0e-4ef9-a752-b6927dcc6a42/public_url)
[![Deep_Learning_Using_TensorFlow](badges/Deep_Learning_Using_TensorFlow.png)](https://www.youracclaim.com/badges/0bd45954-474a-43de-8410-d95bfb323251/public_url)
[![Machine_Learning_with_Python](badges/Machine_Learning_with_Python.png)](https://www.youracclaim.com/badges/f8e54a94-cc43-445f-a45b-f1cb96095ddb/public_url)

## My projects

- **Ultrasonic and Camera-Based Parking Assistant System**

Maps the surroundings of the vehicle and displays it in the dashboard using the camera and distance obtained from the ultrasonic sensor. camera detects the obstacle using a deep     learning network(YOLO is used) and the ultrasonic sensor is used for Distance manipulation.

  [![ADAS Card](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/pin/?username=mugunthanramesh&repo=ADAS)](https://github.com/mugunthanramesh/ADAS)
 
- **SpeechSearch**

Speech Recognition based project using Python that enables us to explore videos and information and this also has the feature of capturing moments.

[![SS Card](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/pin/?username=mugunthanramesh&repo=SpeechSearch)](https://github.com/mugunthanramesh/SpeechSearch)

## My GitHub Stats

[![Anurag's github stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=mugunthanramesh&show_icons=true&hide_title=true)](https://github.com/mugunthanramesh)

[![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=mugunthanramesh&layout=compact)](https://github.com/mugunthanramesh)

*Constantly working on improving these counts*

## Blogs

View my stories and content at https://mugunthanramesh.medium.com/
Some themes of my stories are
- Computer Vision
- Autonomous vehicles

## 📫 Reach me out @

[![Gmail](icons8-gmail(1).svg)](mailto:mugunthanramesh6@gmail.com)
[![Linkedin](icons8-linkedin.svg)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/mugunthan-ramesh/)

<!--
**mugunthanramesh/mugunthanramesh** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->
